V-ON or the at symbol.
So V-ON is another one of those
modifiers that's super, super useful.
So we're going to use an at sign,
because it's a shortcut.
It's something that we can get going with,
and it's a little bit more legible
than writing V-ON, V-ON, V-ON.
So it's extremely useful.
It's for binding to events like click and
mouse enter.
You're able to pass in a parameter for
the events like e,
you don't have to pass it in to
the initial way that you call it.
And I'll explain this in a minute,
you can just pass it into the method
if you're using it that way.
We can also use ternary directly.
And at first,
we're going to just use ternary directly,
because I'm going to just show you all
the directives first, but don't worry.
In the next section, I'll show you how to
wire those up to methods so that you can
write actual functions that are called
once you do something with a click event.
So let's say we have this backpack.
And in this backpack, we wanna
increase the quantity of the backpack.
But we don't want them to be able
to order negative backpacks, right?
[LAUGH] There's no such
thing as negative backpacks,
maybe then we'd owe them
the customer money I'm not sure.
So if we wanted to do this super
quickly inside of a click event,
we could say, at click, and then we say
if the counter is greater than zero,
then we make the counter less.
Otherwise, just state zero.
And here we're increasing the counter.
So if it's just a small
bit of ternary logic or
a small bit of other kind of logic,
it's totally fine to execute here.
Anything more robust than this, you're
not gonna write a full function in here.
You're gonna move into our view instance.
So here we have the counter.
And you can see those click events file.
You can do multiple bindings,
I sometimes make games in view.
And this is really handy for making
games in view or something of that sort.
So like let's say I wanna bind
both to a click event and
also to something with
a key at the same time.
Because let's say they're
using their keyboard or
they're also using their mouse.
I could say V-ON or at, and
then we can say mouse down, do this,
mouse up, do that.